hi everyone this is David from geek
annoyed now over the past few weeks you
will have seen me testing various action
cameras well this is a new one into the
studio this is the cam 1 infinity and
this offers up 1080p HD video recording
all in a very very neat package very
affordable as well and it records all of
this footage to micro SDHC card in this
video i'm going to be unboxing the
cameron infinity and in a future video i
will show you in action just before i
unbox i'll just show you here these are
some of the accessories that you can buy
for the infinity we've got things like a
5.8 gigahertz downlink we've got gps
sensor a high-res screen video eyes
which are like glasses and also a motion
sensor as well so some really cool
accessories that you can purchase for
the Infinity so let's get this unboxed
and we shall see what they supply in
this package then I'll come on to the
price right at the end of this video so
the first thing we're going to look at
it was just the paperwork oh and all the
accessories which fall out at the bottom
there so let's have a look at the
paperwork we've got a manual which is
going to guide you through using the cam
1 infinity and getting everything up and
running then we have got for some extra
bits and pieces here so we've got a
little pouch with a drawstring on it for
keeping the camera nice and safe that's
a really nice touch nice that they
include that then we've got a menu in a
different language and then another menu
in a different language and again in
another language and then we've got some
cam 1 stickers if you want to put these
on your vehicle or somewhere else so
that's all very cool moving on we have
also got feels like there's something
inside this bag and we just check that
no it's just the drawstring so moving
back to the contents in this bag here
we've got some
mount's it's all about the mounting
options that they supply with these
cameras very very useful some of these
so inside this first bag where you have
got two little connectors a webbing
strap so we can connect this perhaps to
a wrist and then we have got a sticky
pad and then a mount for the camera so
that's one mounting option then we have
got another bag here and in here we have
got yet another mounting option for the
camera this is going to connect the
housing I'll show you in a minute this
bit here to this connector and then this
allows you to snap it into the various
mounts that's like a low profile mount
onto the next bag lots of little bags
here very nicely presented actually this
one this is another mount this is a
higher amount so this is going to stand
on something and then allow you to
connect that housing in a higher
position then we've got another mount
another angle so they've given you lots
of options here again with a screw mount
attachment that goes in here this holds
the plastic housing and this looks like
it's got some sort of angled ratchet
mechanism so we can angle the camera at
various angles so another nice mounting
option and then we've got another one
here this looks like some sort handlebar
mount supplied with a piece of rubber
the rubber will go in here so you don't
damage your handlebars and also to give
you extra grip these two portions here
unscrew to release this section here so
you can fit you your handlebar whatever
you connecting it onto through here and
then this portion here undoes and
connects to the clear housing I'm going
to show you in a minute this one here so
another nice mounting option that's
going to be useful for testing this
camera on a bike now we also got another
adhesive mount and again this adhesive
mount sticks with 3m adhesive tape onto
a flat surface perhaps you've got a
dashboard in your car perhaps is going
on a surfboard etc that's
Dick's down and then this mount here
will slide onto it to allow you to mount
the camera and then we've got what looks
like an AV cable usb on this end and
then composite video on this end so lots
of accessories and all we've got one
more here this is going to be some
charging options so we've got another
little USB cable here and then we've got
a USB 2 full size USB cable as well so
plenty of mounting options plus the
charging options now let's move on to
the camera itself just to backtrack just
to this one here this one is a helmet
mount so these are going to mount with
the webbing strap onto a crash helmet so
inside this box we've got two products
we've got the housing which looks really
nice actually and this has got a tripod
mount on the bottom plus the mount here
which goes on to these various mounting
options then we've got the lens cover
and then we've got controls on the top
and all of these controls push through
onto the controls on the top of the
camera and then we can release this by
opening like so and then this allows us
to open the case and put the camera in
very very easy to do and once it's in
the case you've got a waterproof camera
how cool is that
very very cool then the camera itself
look at this baby really nice now this
differs from some of the cameras I've
been testing some of them don't come
with built-in screens now you can't get
a high res optional screen for this but
it does have a little tiny screen on the
back here very excited to test this
we've also got a little cover here if we
undo this cover we have got USB and HDMI
and also what looks like dual micro SD
card sockets
see if I can give you a better look at
that so we've got dual memory card slots
in there as well very cool that's going
to give us plenty of capacity for
capturing our footage around on this
side we've just got a little what's this
here this looks like a little tab does
it do anything
no I'll come back to you about that on
the for review oh actually this is
what's gonna actually allow us to remove
this front portion I think there we go
so this allows us to unclip the front
portion and this is what where the
battery resides and then this clips back
on into place that's very very neat
they're going to go back on it's quite a
tight fit there we go back into place
also looks like we've got a little flash
here on the front as well and then this
is obviously the lens portion wide-angle
lens and then round on the top here
we've got various buttons for
controlling the features on the camera
we've got a power on/off button a volume
button and M button don't know what this
these do at the moment what looks like a
playback button a stills capture button
because you can capture stills with this
as well and also a movie record button
and then these also allow you to operate
the menu options when you've got the
camera turned on so it all looks really
nice really excited actually to get this
one tested and show you some footage
from it this is the cam 1 infinity HD
action camera please do check out the
link underneath to their website
it's going to cost you around about two
hundred and nine pounds two hundred and
ninety nine dollars if you're in the US
please do subscribe to the D key noise
channel where there would be a video
coming up showing you the cam 1 infinity
in action thanks again for watching I
will see you all in the next one